while hybrid drive and turbochargers
don't normally find their way under the
same hood Volkswagen said why not and
given the success of their clean turbo
diesel technology we had lofty
expectations for the turbocharged
gasoline electric 2013 Jetta Hybrid as
we climbed our way through the foothills
of New Mexico styling is barely altered
from the standard Jetta and that's not
such a bad thing much like the facade
it's clean-cut approach is easy on the
eyes if not head-turning hybrid
specifics include badging a unique front
grille rear spoiler and diffuser and
arrow accents on skirts and underbody
excellent interior comfort remains while
a hybrid oriented gauge replaces the
tachometer upgrades are standard fare
including audio navigation and premium
materials throughout the cabin trunk
space of 11.3 cubic feet rates well as
does rear seat legroom but the major
selling point and indeed what we found
most impressive is the overall driving
experience with a 170 horsepower
combined output turbocharged engine and
an impressive 7-speed DSG with manual
shift mode the Jenna I breathe is
downright German car fun it's easy to
forget you're driving a hybrid for sure
this Jenna has the same rear suspension
setup is found in the GLI you just drop
the DST trans down into the sport mode
now chill forget your job in a hybrid in
no time
where you won't forget it's a hybrid is
at the pump this Jetta claims 45 MPG
combined and to an afternoon of liberal
driving we weren't far off utilizing is
27 horsepower electric motor and 1.1
kilowatt hour battery pack full electric
mode can be maintained up to 37 miles
per hour over a distance of a few miles
between regenerative braking split gas
electric modes and turbocharged full
gasoline modes the system provides a
conservative yet spirited response up
against mainstays like Prius and civic
hybrid and even forged newcomer c-max
hybrid we think the VW jetta hybrid will
be able to hold its own in the gas
thrifty market and then some the 2013
volkswagen jetta hybrid is available now
with prices beginning at about 25
thousand dollars
you